we illustrate the concepts needed for the
of the Internet, the characteristics of the hidden and private
Finally, we presented our experimental system that fetches
seed for future research and development
3.3. Dark Web
trading sensitive information, malwares and spywares,
is a full-equipped network connected to the internet that
credit cards, patients’ medical records, and any other
employing hitmen, and a lot more. Dark Web Hidden
and work as the hosting environment for malwares.
Dark Web among researchers. Some researches define
consists of hidden networks that use specialized protocols
addition to the hidden and private networks that may
and criminal activities take place
1. Decentralization: They mostly use peer-to-peer
world instead of using a central server.
3. They use non-standard computer protocols and ports
One of the most famous software that insures these
others.
Cheong defines Crawler as “software programs that
by standard HTTP protocol”. [17]
to gain up-to-date data, and where crawlers create a copy
easily and quickly when a user searches for some topic.
validating HTML tags, or for collecting specific types of

of sources like security resources - if available - (i.e.
be attainable even on the surface web or by using generic
retrieved webpages, which leads to other pages and so
. Using DOM, CSS and XPath for Data Extraction
by the <body> tag, which includes the requested content.
define the Document Object Model (DOM) nodes using
The goal behind this process is to reduce the extracted
initiating it for analysis, it also preserve disk space by

(which we consider not mentioning for security reasons),
study)
 Scrapy, https://scrapy.org
2. Extracts the path of the CAPTCHA image using XPath.
library for OCR analyzing.
option for manual entry.
7. Calls the procedure of login validation.
header of every request.
listings.
listing presented in the page, then calling the function of
page in the category by following its link in the pagination
category.
the available information about the product includes:
• Origin
• Number of sales (since a specific date)
• Moreover, we added the category name to the fields.
the function of vendor processing instead of product, the
• Vendor Level
• Date of Membership

